Extend destinations docu with localhost setup (#14)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/connectivity/destinations.mdx

```json
[{"type": "HTTP","name": "MyDestination","proxyType": "Internet","description": "This destination rocks!","authentication": "BasicAuthentication","url": "https://URL","user": "USER","password": "PASSWORD"}]
```
:::tip Multiple Destinations
You can configure multiple destinations with that approach. 
Note that the value of the environment variable is a JSON array, so you can add further entries into it.
:::

#### SCP Destination Service
If the previous lookup was not successful, the next destination loaders examine the environment variable `VCAP_SERVICES` to see if the SCP destination service is bound.
If so, the Cloud SDK queries the SCP destination service for the destination configuration as per the requested destination name.

#### SCP Connectivity Service
In case the destination is of proxy type `OnPremise`, the SDK performs an additional query to the SCP connectivity service to obtain further proxy information and an authorization token.

### Configuration Procedure for Localhost

#### Destinations with Proxy Type "Internet"
Maintain the destination configuration via the environment variable `destinations`. 
See the example value above for reference.

> #### Destinations with Proxy Type "OnPremise"

Reviewer: This step would only be needed if there is no direct local connection to the system that shall be accessed via the on-premise destination. If I am in the same network and can use basic auth, I do not need to go via connectivity service etc for my local tests but can use the simple destination environment variable.
Maybe add that as a quick hint.

Author: Right, will add a hint about this.

##### Maintain VCAP_SERVICES
How to create the `VCAP_SERVICES` representation depends on whether the Cloud Application Programming (CAP) Model is used.

<Tabs groupId="isCapUsed" defaultValue="true" values={[ { label: 'CAP is used', value: 'true', }, { label: 'CAP is not used', value: 'false', }]}>

<TabItem value="false">

Create the `VCAP_SERVIES` environment variable on the shell or on the operating system level.
Copy the value of that environment variable from your app which is deployed to SCP. 

</TabItem>

<TabItem value ="true">

Create the file `default-env.json` in your project's root and supply the `VCAP_SERVICES` value as follows:
```json
{
  "VCAP_SERVICES": {
    "destination": [

>             ...

Reviewer 2: Question: JSON elements in `default-env.json` > `VCAP_SERVICES` > `destination` have a different format than elements in local environment variable `destinations`, right? They are not interchangeable, correct?

Author: Correct. I'll enhance the example to illustrate that more clearly and to avoid such confusion.

```
:::tip Multiple Destinations
You can configure multiple destinations with that approach. 
Note that the value of the environment variable is a JSON array, so you can add further entries into it.
:::

#### SCP Destination Service
If the previous lookup was not successful, the next destination loaders examine the environment variable `VCAP_SERVICES` to see if the SCP destination service is bound.
If so, the Cloud SDK queries the SCP destination service for the destination configuration as per the requested destination name.

#### SCP Connectivity Service
In case the destination is of proxy type `OnPremise`, the SDK performs an additional query to the SCP connectivity service to obtain further proxy information and an authorization token.

### Configuration Procedure for Localhost

#### Destinations with Proxy Type "Internet"
Maintain the destination configuration via the environment variable `destinations`. 
See the example value above for reference.

#### Destinations with Proxy Type "OnPremise"
We have to perform configuration steps which tell the SAP Cloud SDK how to access the SCP destination service and connectivity service.

> :::note Network Availability of Target System
> If your localhost resides in the same network zone as the target system, then there is no need to access the target system via the SCP connectivity service.
> Then, you can create a destination via the environment variable `destinations` and skip all following steps hereafter.
> :::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:::note Are your client and server located on the same Network?
If your localhost (client) resides in the same network zone as the target system (server) you can access it directly. Configuration of SCP connectivity services is not needed. All you have to do is creating a destination via environment variable `destinations`.
:::
```
